meet Sophia she's an early career  researcher who's well versed in her  field  Sophia believes that all aspects of  scientific research should be  transparent and reproducible  that all steps in the research lifecycle  are valuable  that a well-crafted hypothesis protocol  or data collection is still important  even when an experiment didn't go as  planned  upon exploring these ideals she came  across the term open science but isn't  sure how she can put these Concepts into  practice  through conversations with her  colleagues she learns about a research  management tool called open science  framework or OSF  admittedly Sophia was excited but a bit  nervous  following open science guidelines feels  like an intimidating undertaking and she  has many questions about where to begin  the OSF is an online platform that  enables researchers to transparently  plan collect analyze and share their  work throughout the entire research  lifecycle  each tool on the OSF is specifically  designed to promote the Integrity of  research while supporting a researcher's  individual Comfort levels related to  sharing and collaboration  because of its focus on Research  Integrity the OSF has got the attention  of Institutions with Open Access  policies publication journals and even  funding agencies both private or  government  let's follow Sophia as she explores and  learns how some of her very common  problems in research can be addressed by  the tools available to her for free on  the OSF  Sophia like most researchers is always  brainstorming new ideas for studies that  can contribute to her field in exciting  ways  before a new idea takes shape she  evaluates the research landscape to see  what is being investigated recently  traditionally she has always used  reference platforms or specific journals  but many Publications can have  out-of-date results and often only  provide information regarding successful  studies  what if another researcher had tried her  new idea but it didn't produce the  expected outcome  how can the scientific Community learn  from their mistakes if they only share  perfect expected results  Sophia heard about the open science  framework again or OSF recently at a  presentation hosted by her University's  Library Research Services  curiosity peaked Sophia decides to take  a look through the OSF to see what  others in her field are working on  her goal to verify that an idea she has  for new study is not being done  elsewhere or if it is to learn from  their results  through her search on the OSF Sophia is  surprised not only to find  pre-publication manuscripts but also  countless cutting-edge research  protocols collected data and analyzes  related to her research interest  since these other researchers have  shared their work on the OSF she is now  able to build off of their study ideas  from all stages of research  Sophia is reassured that her research  idea is unique and untested  all materials shared on the OSF opened  the door for new potential  collaborations on future projects  now that Sophia has a good idea for a  research project she wants to begin to  design a study and start collecting any  materials she might need  while searching for an idea she was able  to see firsthand how valuable it is to  share your research plan for not only  the credibility of the researcher but  the benefit of the scientific community  she's excited to take her first step in  open science practices and recognizes  that the research plan she found are  called pre-registrations  in order to be as transparent as  possible and to document her idea for  future reference Sophia decides to start  to put together a pre-registration in  the OSF  in her pre-registration Sophia tells the  story of her study including her  research questions protocols and data  collection plans as well as adding any  materials or collaborators  once Sophia finalizes her plan and  creates a pre-registration it's time  stamped with a permanent digital object  identifier or DOI for future reference  and it's archived for permanent storage  the registration is therefore a  centralized point of reference for  anyone interested in finding out about  Sophia's study and can even link to the  study's files and other resources  creating a registration before she  Begins the project helps Sophia if she  decides to seek funding from funding  agencies that require open science  practices  Sophia has heard many stories about  research ideas being stolen or scooped  if Sophia is worried about sharing her  work or registration while it's still in  progress she can also embargo access or  temporarily make her registration  private for up to four years  while embargoed Sophia can create an  anonymized view only link for sharing  with potential reviewers or funders  Sophia is confident in her registered  study plan but things can change if she  does need to make an amendment to her  study plan she can create an update to  her registration any changes are  recorded with a descriptive summary of  each this allows Sophia to create a  clear story for other researchers to  follow her registration from original  concept to current version  Sophia has explored the landscape within  her field and come up with a great  research idea and registered it on the  OS app she has been working with a few  of her colleagues throughout the process  but in the past she's had problems with  collaborations outside her institution  there always seems to be difficulties  associated with access to the study's  current data and any changes to methods  or protocols that occur during the  project  research institutions often provide  different storage options to their  researchers making it difficult to  collect all of the data from  collaborators in one place  Sophia envisioned setting up a hub where  she and her collaborators in any other  research Lab Partners can easily upload  and share the data generated during the  study to facilitate this transition to  an open transparent base OSF  automatically created a project space  for her when she created her  pre-registration  Sophia uses her OSF project as a central  collaborative space that allows her team  to store and share materials and manage  their study throughout the entire  research life cycle  Sophia notices that projects can be made  public or private at any time and access  to the project can be given to her  external stakeholders or restricted to  just her team  in contrast to the pre-registration  Sophia created which is more like a  snapshot of her study Frozen in Time her  OSF project is like a Sandbox where work  is constantly ongoing materials are  easily stored findable and editable and  recent activity can be tracked by all  team members  Sophia is able to integrate her OSF  project space into a variety of common  external storage providers for uploading  data code images or even videos  associated with her research project  this means that all files from Sophia  and her team on their preferred storage  providers can be aggregated together on  her OSF Project without having to  re-upload each file  each of these files from external  storage providers can still be rendered  on her OSF project  Sophia uses the wiki section on her  project as a bulletin board she's able  to coordinate with her team members  leaving messages about objectives plans  and making sure everyone is on the same  page throughout the entire project all  of Sophia and her team's activities on  the project are included in an activity  log tracking the various changes to  files and organization any changes to  her project space do not affect her  initial pre-registration as Sophia's  study grows she creates a directory of  materials in her OSF project by creating  sub-projects or components Sophia is now  able to create as many components or new  OSF projects as she needs for her study  now that Sophia and her team have  completed the analysis further study  she's excited to share her fresh new  manuscript with others in her community  Sophia's preprint receives its own  permanent DOI and is indexed by other  Discovery services on the web  she can update her preprint at any time  to include new information and all  versions are available for readers  following open science practices she  makes the entirety of the study's life  cycle clear Sophia add links to her OSF  project  and her pre-registration as well as  links to any subsequent Publications  making all of the steps of her research  project available together  the preprint as with the other resources  she has developed on the OSF reveals the  relationship between her paper her team  her analysis her research plan her  institution and herself  with the closing of her study Sophia is  in an interesting position in their  research life cycle  she is promoting the discoverability of  her concluded study while keeping an eye  out for her next idea she is also  looking to comply with any requirements  from her funder in an institution open  source reporting requirements the agency  that provided the funding for the study  requires that Sophia report back on her  project and showed that the appropriate  data and findings are openly available  from the funder's perspective the goal  is to make sure that a completed study  is accessible and persistently available  to the scientific community  in addition to Sophia's funding  requirements the institution that  employs Sofia asks for reports of her  annual research activity  both of these common problems can be  easily solved because if you used OSF to  manage your study and publicize her  results  Sophia can share the permanent doi to  her free print directly stored on the  OSF  alternatively she can search through the  preprint repository or Google Scholar if  she doesn't have the DOI readily  available  she's also able to provide dois for her  public registration and project  the OSF provides her with analytics  including the numbers of downloads and  views on her pre-print registration and  project to be able to report as required  Sophia's registration and materials and  her OSF project are linked from the  pre-print and vice versa helping make  the full story of her research study  available online  her institution can find the preprint on  the OSF preprint repository or through  Google Scholar  Sophia's institution also has a OSF  institutions membership so all public  material including Sophia's study is  aggregated and shared on their dashboard  because of this Sophia's work is getting  noticed even at her own institution as  her colleagues down the hall  congratulate her on her new publication  now that Sophia has successfully  finished she is eager to go back and get  started on her next study which was  inspired by some of her findings she  starts her new project off as she did  the previous one with a search of OSF to  see what other researchers in her field  are up to  Sophia can now use the OSF to support  her research goals  but like anyone who's trying something  new  she has more questions  she ever has a question or experience is  a problem she can go to our OSF Support  Center  here she finds an extensive set of help  guides and resources to help answer her  questions  sections of the support center  correspond to sections of the OSF  including help guides on registrations  preprints projects and even information  for her account  additionally she finds a getting started  section for new users frequently asked  questions  and even translated resources in other  languages  Sophia has a specific question but isn't  sure what section of the support center  it would fall under  she decides to utilize the search bar at  the top which Aggregates the help guide  results based on keywords from the  question  normally this helps her find her answer  but no luck this time  she can't find an answer to her question  Sophia knows that she can always ask  customer support for help  where she will receive a message from a  dedicated staff member trained in all  aspects of the OSF  The Help Center is a valuable resource  and Sophia returns regularly as she  continues to learn about the OSF